Added description of POUF closes Issue #14 (#20)
uptane/deployment-considerations: repositories.md

Depending on the OEM's requirements, this API MAY require authentication before primaries are allowed to download updates. The OEM is free to use any authentication method. Such a choice affects only how certain the OEM can be that it is communicating with authentic primaries, and does not affect how resilient ECUs are to a compromise of the image repository.

## Specifying wireline formats

> In setting up the Uptane program, an implementer will need to specify how information, such as cryptographic hashes, digital signatures, and public keys, should be encoded. As the guiding principle of the Uptane framework is to give each implementer as much design flexibility as possible, the Uptane Standard does not specify particular data binding formats. Instead, OEMs and suppliers can continue to use the protocols and formats of existing update systems, or they can select formats that best  ensure interoperability with other essential technologies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In setting up the Uptane program, an implementer will need to specify how information, such as metadata files, and vehicle version manifests, should be encoded. As a guiding principle of the Uptane framework is to give each implementer as much design flexibility as possible, the Uptane Standard does not specify particular data binding formats. Instead, OEMs and suppliers can continue to use the protocols and formats of existing update systems, or they can select formats that best  ensure interoperability with other essential technologies. 
```

> To facilitate coordination between implementations, an Uptane adopter can choose to write a POUF, an added layer to the Standard in which an implementer can specify choices of Protocols, Operations, Usage and Formats. A POUF provides an easy way for an implementer to specify the elements that can ensure interoperability, and can be customized as needed for different makes and models of autos and/or for the special needs of fleet owners, and for police or military vehicles.

Reviewer 2: This last sentence here reads poorly, I think because of all of the "and"s and the "and/or". I think the first comma (after "interoperability") is unnecessary, and the bit at the end about police and military vehicles feels like an afterthought. Also, it might make sense to add taxi or carsharing fleets in addition to state apparatus.

Author: Agreed. Let me simplify this.

Lois

Author: @patrickvacek, is this better?
```suggestion
A POUF provides an easy way for an implementer to specify the elements that can ensure interoperability. It can also be customized as needed to meet the special needs of either taxi and ride-sharing fleets, or vehicles used by police or the military.
```

Author: @patrickvacke, is this better?
```suggestion
To facilitate coordination between implementations, an Uptane adopter can choose to write a POUF, an added layer to the Standard in which an implementer can specify choices of Protocols, Operations, Usage and Formats. A POUF provides an easy way for an implementer to specify the elements that can ensure interoperability. It can also be customized as needed for use by taxi or car sharing vehicles, or police or military vehicles.
```

Reviewer 2: I think that's an improvement, but I think we can perhaps get the best of both worlds. Let me try:

```suggestion
To facilitate coordination between implementations, an Uptane adopter can choose to write a POUF, an added layer to the Standard in which an implementer can specify choices of Protocols, Operations, Usage and Formats. A POUF provides an easy way for an implementer to specify the elements that can ensure interoperability. It can also be customized for the special needs of fleet owners in a particular industry, such as taxis, car sharing networks, police forces, or the military.
```

> To facilitate the use of these specifications, an Uptane implementer can choose to write a POUF, an added layer to the Standard in which an implementer can specify choices of Protocols, Operations, Usage and Formats. A POUF provides an easy way for an implementer to specify the elements that can ensure interoperability, and can be customized as needed for different makes and models of autos and/or for the special needs of fleet owners, and for police or military vehicles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate coordination between implementations, an Uptane adopter can choose to write a POUF, an added layer to the Standard in which an implementer can specify choices of Protocols, Operations, Usage and Formats. A POUF provides an easy way for an implementer to specify the elements that can ensure interoperability, and can be customized as needed for different makes and models of autos and/or for the special needs of fleet owners, and for police or military vehicles.
```

Author: Thanks, Marina. I accepted the suggestion.
